{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12980\viewh15960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Phase 1\
\
Phase 2\
- Make sure to use the existing ephemeral network utility. If it doesn\'92t have a good API already, create one there that reuses that code. Also make sure we are not calling that API directly but calling a separate Tunnel creation API. In fact, make the Tunnel management code it\'92s own utility since we are building on top of another utility. Then have the consumer and producer code consume that utility. All new code related to the tunnels should go in that new utility.\
\
Phase 3\
- We will need some way to track and propagate what peers are willing to act as relays in this capacity. We will need some changes to the gossip protocol and local per-machine state for this. Please implement this to share the same update mechanism as endpoints announcement and change propagation. There should be a single interface for all types of data we want to gossip.\
\
Phase 4\
\
Phase 5\
\
Phase 6\
- Why do we need code to verify isolation? I think tests should be sufficient for this. The isolation should be built into the other code. Let\'92s wait until we run the tests here to see if DNS needs to be intercepted or not. If it does, we can plan more code then.\
\
Phase 7\
\
Phase 8\
\
Phase 9\
\
Phase 10\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - The code from this phase should be part of the core OmertaMesh and not the new utility.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
New phase\
- cleanup all non-netstack code, get rid of all code using wireguard and all code that is unnessary, please look through the code and list all the changes that will be necessary for this including tests that need to be modified or deleted}